very good people that we are today
trotted all and we are in one in one
review of a mod
and good if we are in a world
extra flat and what is that that is seen
background not know that is nothing is nothing and
good guys we are with a review of
a way I hope you like this mode and
good as you have
and it has seen good as you have read in the
title we have a new mode and this time
it's from
at the dya stop is to generate creepers and
you will say and clippers creepers because we are not going
to generate a new kripper here what
you have, it 's pretty good, really, to look
how it explodes
I do not the truth is pretty new good
in truth I was not here in reality not
is new to the new network are these
that were here okay we have the
stripper we have the fire kripper the dirt
clipper the water diver the snow kripper and
the cookie kripper that for me this
guys is the best I'm surrounded by
slides let's kill them it's worth like that and this
do not
and well, let's generate the first
clipper that is the ice
here you see it is pretty good
texture after good are all the same
just as a clip is normal but with
different colors we are going to do that
explode and look what it does
here you see it when it explodes generates
a kind of
of giant square with ice that is
made of ice is quite curious
now we have the fire we put here and
As you can see, it's like I said the texture of
the only thing that changes is the color
let's try to get him out of here
we are going to remove this from you that is left
OK
but oh and this what it does is
next when exploding
generate
by fire that's why it's called kripper's
fire the truth that this
The truth is that this mode is very good
It has very interesting creepers
and they can fly for some series of
motorcycles that you have or any
good thing now we have the dit the
clipper say is here you see it is from
Color bound dirt from here and give you the
ball fleet fleet
and good as its own name indicates
generates a little here see one
little alone and good we go with the one of
Water
bomb
good this generates water but calm
that this water is not going to stay there as
you see disappears completely alone already
come they see in the view touch me the
good moral
here we have a snow clipper that like
You see the truth that I love this is no
I like it is very beautiful and we give it
and here you have it generates snow and each one
Well, like this, this is called snow
clipper generates snow since he
called dirt because it generates beat this
Llama vara hay script see then generates
ice this is called fire taps
it generated fire as you have seen and the
The water has generated water to see you
matter let's put more to time set 0
so that they leave here outside that you
asks that he asks you from here do more for
sack let's remove the men
and well I said the ice generator
this the beer test or the snow west or
the fire by fire and guys we
is the last one that for me is the best
the one of cook and the one of attentive cookies
Boys
mola has cookies and how we can
pick cookies and loose many
cookies look 22 cookies loose
many is to say I'm going to generate here some
how many and attentive the party of
cookies
It's really cool for me, this is the
best flu of all I like a lot
a lot a lot a lot so good guys
I hope you liked this way
taken a picture and we are only
bring these these creepers are not many
but they are enough
here we have all the papers I hope that
you like them and nothing you guys tell you that
leave a like because the truth is that
I really like this mode and I hope that
you too and that's why I want you
leave a like if you liked clear and
well also tell you that if not you
you have heard I am still doing
a raffle of minecraft premium and
Of course if it starts to rain and tell you
what do you have in the description
so yes, yes, yes, so
go through the inscription where you have
a link to a draw for minecraft premium
what am I doing and see if you have
lucky if you win so nothing guys
this has been all for liked and we
we see in the next video or goodbye dude